0	0	we asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order .	waiter
2	2	i noticed alot of indian people eatting there which is a great sign for an indian place !	indian place
2	2	one special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up , but save room for dessert !	dessert
0	2	the chicken lollipop is my favorite , most of the dishes ( i have to agree with a previous reviewer ) are quite oily and very spicy , espeically the chilli chicken .	chilli chicken
2	2	servers are all different , greg is my favorite .	greg
0	0	the decor however seems to be the distraction so you wo n't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come !	eggplant
2	2	the service is amazing , i 've had different waiters and they were all nice , which is a rare thing in nyc .	service
0	0	the high prices you 're going to pay is for the view not for the food .	food
0	0	there was no tap beer that evening , which was a disappointment .	beer
2	2	oh , and there 's hookah .	hookah
0	0	however , our $ 14 drinks were were horrible !	drinks
0	2	it was n't as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand , but now it 's simply repulsive .	restaurant
0	2	mistakes happen , but they are usually accompanied by an apology , perhaps even a glass of wine ... but not the grunt that we received from the al di la staff .	staff
2	2	overall , decent food at a good price , with friendly people .	food
2	2	the pasta was well cooked , did n't have enough sauce though or flavor .	pasta
2	2	all the various greek and cypriot dishes are excellent , but the gyro is the reason to come -- if you do n't eat one your trip was wasted .	greek and cypriot dishes
2	2	i 'll being with a couple of positives : cool decor , good pita and hummus , and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty .	hummus
0	0	the bibimbap was average , but the stone bowl was n't even close to sizzling .	stone bowl
0	2	i took one bite from the $ 24 salmon , and i have never , in the 17 years i have been going to restaurants tasted $t$ as fishy , as dry , and as bland as the one in flatbush farms .	salmon
2	2	overall the food quality was pretty good , though i hear the salmon is much better when it has n't sat cooling in front of the guest .	food
0	0	shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service .	customer service
2	2	the sake ’ s complimented the courses very well and is successfully easing me into the sake world .	sake ’ s
2	2	i 've enjoyed 99 % of the dishes we 've ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too-authentic-for-me dish ( i 'm a daring eater but not that daring ) .	dishes
2	2	the sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious .	sashimi
0	0	i took one look at the chicken and i was appalled .	chicken
0	2	how is this palce still open ?	palce
0	2	i have never been so disgusted by both food an service .	food
2	2	good creative rolls !	rolls
0	2	 the four seasons has history and it is a sort of landmark of new york city restaurants , but trust me , they will charge you through the nose just so that you can say `` i 've been to $t$ restaurant '' .	the four seasons
2	2	a beautifully designed dreamy egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night .	egyptian restaurant
2	2	one special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up , but save room for dessert !	special roll
2	2	the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour , but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food .	indo-chinese food
2	2	love this place , every time we are in the city this is one of the $t$s we always go .	place
2	2	the place has a nice fit-out , some attractive furnishings and , from what i could tell , a reasonable wine list ( i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins )	furnishings
0	0	the manager finally said he would comp the two glasses of wine ( which cost less than the food ) , and made it seem like a big concession .	manager
2	2	the omlette for brunch is great ...	omlette for brunch
2	2	but for the shabu shabu , you wo n't find much better in ny .	shabu shabu
2	2	each time we 've been , the front of house staff ( not the waiters - they 're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you ) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes i would never return .	waiters
0	2	each time we 've been , the front of house staff ( not the waiters - they 're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you ) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes i would never return .	front of house staff
0	0	if it seemed possible to do so while there i would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible !	meal
2	2	 patsy 's pizza = true love	patsy 's pizza
0	0	the waitress was not attentive at all .	waitress
2	2	if you ’ re planning to come here , make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you ’ ll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching ( choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky ! ) .	glass ceilings
2	2	i go out to eat and like my courses , servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink .	servers
2	2	i 'll being with a couple of positives : cool decor , good pita and hummus , and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty .	grilled octopus
0	0	i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price ( just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $ 25 ) , which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place does n't have an upscale feel .	place
0	0	it was totally overpriced- fish and chips was about $ 15 ... .	fish and chips
0	2	all in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side , but fresh .	food
2	2	 red dragon roll - my favorite thing to eat , of any food group - hands down	red dragon roll
2	2	i highly recommend this beautiful place .	place
2	2	i love margherita pizza – i looove east village pizza 	east village pizza
2	2	the pastas are incredible , the risottos ( particularly the sepia ) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing .	risottos
2	0	each time we 've been , the front of house staff ( not the waiters - they 're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you ) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes i would never return .	fish dishes
2	2	this is the first place i 've been that a runner remembers my order ... hope he likes his job because i have half a mind to steal him for my restaurant .	runner
0	2	the lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it .	lunch buffet
1	2	for desserts , we tried the frozen black sesame mousse ( interesting but not extraordinary ) and matcha ( powdered green tea ) and blueberry cheesecake , which was phenomenal .	frozen black sesame mousse
2	2	gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner	place
2	2	best sushi ever .	sushi
2	2	everyone raved about the atmosphere ( elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views ) and the fabulous food !	atmosphere
2	2	great sake !	sake
2	2	i thought the restaurant was nice and clean .	restaurant
0	2	this place ... god where do i begin .	place
0	0	when we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost .	waitress
2	2	super yummy pizza !	pizza
1	0	the bibimbap was average , but the stone bowl was n't even close to sizzling .	bibimbap
2	2	going to bark is always worth the train ride , and will make your tongue and belly very happy !	bark
2	2	 food took some time to prepare , all worth waiting for .	food
0	2	they are extremely rude , not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $ 500 for some drinks adn their pita bread !	pita bread
0	2	 chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimentos on top ?	chicken teriyaki
2	2	the staff is very good .	staff
0	0	my girlfriend , being slightly more aggressive , and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal , called back only to be informed that i was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster , and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant .	meal
0	0	very immature bartender , didnt know how to make specific drinks , service was so slowwwww , the food was not fresh or warm , waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers .	food
2	2	one special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up , but save room for dessert !	regular roll
0	2	i do not think dinner in manhattan should cost $ 400.00 where i am not swept off my feet .	dinner
0	2	over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals .	meals
0	0	rather than preparing vegetarian dish , the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables ( minus sauce , seasoning , or any form or aesthetic presentation ) .	vegetarian dish
1	0	the place is a bit hidden away , but once you get there , it 's all worth it .	place
2	2	my favorite place lol	place
2	2	subtle food and service	food
2	0	very `` normal indian food '' , but done really well .	indian food
2	2	great place to relax and enjoy your dinner	place
2	0	the potato balls were not dry at all ... in fact it was buttery .	potato balls
2	2	dokebi gives williamsburg the right one-two punch of classic korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos .	pork belly tacos
0	0	this is where it really really gets bad : the manager said , there is absolutely nothing we can do , it 's a matter of taste that she did n't like it , and i can not comp it .	manager
0	0	my mom originally introduced me to this place , but even she ( being indian ) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily .	food
0	0	very immature bartender , didnt know how to make specific drinks , service was so slowwwww , the food was not fresh or warm , waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers .	bartender
0	0	not much of a selection of bottled beer either , we went with brahma .	selection of bottled beer
0	2	i 've enjoyed 99 % of the dish es we 've ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too-authentic-for-me $t$ ( i 'm a daring eater but not that daring ) .	dish
2	2	the side dishes were passable , and i did get a refill upon request .	side dishes
1	0	not a very fancy place but very good chinese style indian food .	place
0	0	the bread was stale , the salad was overpriced and empty .	salad
0	0	this place is not inviting and the food is totally weird .	food
1	0	the food is very good , but not outstanding .	food
2	2	everyone raved about the atmosphere ( elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views ) and the fabulous food !	rooms
0	0	everyone seemed generally happy with their food , except my brother who had the grilled mahi mahi , seemingly drenched in grapfruit juice !	grilled mahi mahi
2	2	never swaying , never a bad meal , never bad service ...	meal
1	0	the high prices you 're going to pay is for the view not for the food .	view
2	2	an unpretentious spot in park slope , the sushi is consistently good , the service is pleasant , effective and unassuming .	sushi
0	0	do n't get me started on the margaritas , either .	margaritas
2	2	regardless , we 'll be back and ca n't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio .	patio
0	0	as bfc does n't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated , which can be over an hour later !	front of house staff
2	2	all in all , i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future .	restaurant
2	2	stepping into casa la femme last night was a true experience unlike any other in new york !	casa la femme
0	0	a weakness is the chicken in the salads .	chicken in the salads
0	0	the only thing that strikes you is the decor ( not very pleasant ) ?	decor
0	0	at this point , the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay , i was literally so shocked that i was speechless and did n't say anything , and guess what , the $t$ walked away .	waitress
0	0	 service not the friendliest to our `` large party '' !	service
0	0	the only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared .	bartender
0	2	 food was luke warm .	food
0	0	overpriced japanese food with mediocre service	japanese food
0	0	as bfc does n't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated , which can be over an hour later !	bfc
2	2	i book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot .	four course prix fix menu
0	0	i read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and i thought to myself , but may be it is worth it .	restaurant
2	2	the farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty .	farro salad
2	2	the meat is fresh , the sauces are great , you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too .	salad
0	0	the bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the `` free '' appetizer of olives was disappointing .	appetizer of olives
0	0	nevertheless , i finished my plate , and that 's when i found a maggot in mushroom sauce at the bottom .	mushroom sauce
2	2	great food .	food
2	2	mussles and calamari were superb saturday evening .	calamari
2	2	they have great rolls , the triple color and norwegetan rolls , are awesome and filling .	triple color and norwegetan rolls
2	2	everyone raved about the atmosphere ( elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views ) and the fabulous food !	views
0	0	 delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week .	delivery
2	2	my daughter 's wedding reception at water 's edge received the highest compliments from our guests .	water 's edge
2	2	they have a delicious banana chocolate dessert , as well as a great green tea tempura .	banana chocolate dessert
2	0	the appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion ( maybe 3 of each ) .	fried oysters and clams
2	2	the lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it .	lunch buffet
2	2	love their drink menu .	drink menu
2	2	the service was extremely fast and attentive ( thanks to the service button on your table ) but i barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order .	service button
1	2	not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot , once you enter the unmarked wooden doors , the zen and intimate décor will make you feel like you ’ re no longer in the city .	spot
2	2	the dancing , white river and millenium rolls are musts .	dancing , white river and millenium rolls
2	2	not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot , once you enter the unmarked wooden doors , the zen and intimate décor will make you feel like you ’ re no longer in the city .	unmarked wooden doors
0	0	my wife had barely touched that mess of a dish .	dish
1	0	not what i would expect for the price and prestige of this location .	location
2	2	here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available .	hot dog
0	0	and $ 11 for a plate of bland guacamole ?	guacamole
0	0	the service leaves much to be desired , from feeling like you are rushed the place your order , to being ignored the rest of the night .	service
2	2	great food , great wine list , great service in a great neighborhood ...	neighborhood
2	2	never swaying , never a bad meal , never bad service ...	service
0	0	they are extremely rude , not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $ 500 for some drinks adn their pita bread !	service
2	2	there is something about their atmosphere that makes me come back nearly every week .	atmosphere
2	2	this establishment is the real deal .	establishment
2	2	good food 	food
2	2	the crust has a great bite and a good chew , the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it , the salt from the cheese is great , really heightens the flavor of all the other components .	crust
2	2	the atmosphere was great .	atmosphere
0	0	i showed it to the manager , and he smilingly apologized and brought us two free desserts ( but did not ask us what we wanted and so brought the last two desserts we would have asked for ) .	manager
2	2	though it 's been crowded most times i 've gone here , bark always delivers on their food .	food
0	2	i have worked in restaurants and cook a lot , and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food .	food
2	2	i picked the grilled black cod as my entree , which i absolutely devoured while someone commented that the grilled salmon dish was better .	grilled black cod
0	2	i took one bite from the $ 24 salmon , and i have never , in the 17 years i have been going to restaurants tasted $t$ as fishy , as dry , and as bland as the one in flatbush farms .	salmon
1	2	its just a fun place to go , not a five star restaraunt .	restaraunt
2	2	we have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given .	service
2	2	the hot dogs are good , yes , but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich , perfect on its supermarket squishy bun .	pork croquette sandwich
2	2	the farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty .	mashed yukon potatoes
2	2	the food and service were fine , however the maitre-d was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant .	service
2	2	the rolls are creative and i have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food .	japanese food
2	2	the food tasted very good .	food
2	0	all the various greek and cypriot dishes are excellent , but the gyro is the reason to come -- if you do n't eat one your trip was wasted .	gyro
0	2	the pasta was well cooked , did n't have enough sauce though or flavor .	pasta
2	2	in the summer months , the back garden area is really nice .	back garden area
1	0	not what i would expect for the price and prestige of this location .	location
2	2	the hot dogs are good , yes , but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich , perfect on its supermarket squishy bun .	bun
1	2	overpriced japanese food with mediocre service 	service
0	2	the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want , so we paid for what we did enjoy , the drinks and appetizers , and walked out .	manager
0	0	i was shocked that my friends wanted to stay after the waitress said , `` can i help you '' and `` how many are in your party  ''	waitress
2	2	cirspy crust margherita pizza 	margherita pizza
0	0	for a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed , there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service .	customer service
2	2	the veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly .	mushrooms
0	0	too bad i had paid an extra $ 2 for the stone bowl .	stone bowl
0	2	a different server enhanced the fun , dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer ( which was delicious ) .	server
2	2	subtle food and service 	service
0	0	the lobster knuckles ( special of the day ) were ok , but pretty tasteless .	lobster knuckles
2	2	this place is a must visit !	place
2	2	great food , amazing service , this place is a class act .	food
0	2	i got hair in my food 2 times of then !	food
2	2	amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings !	dogs
2	2	the food is great and the environment is even better .	environment
2	0	the place is a bit hidden away , but once you get there , it 's all worth it .	place
2	2	everyone seemed generally happy with their food , except my brother who had the grilled mahi mahi , seemingly drenched in grapfruit juice !	food
0	0	it was served with skin , over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes .	spinach
2	2	the pastas are incredible , the risottos ( particularly the sepia ) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing .	braised rabbit
1	2	the entrees were served with miso soup and rice .	entrees
1	0	the decor however seems to be the distraction so you wo n't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come !	decor
2	2	the meat is fresh , the sauces are great , you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too .	kimchi
0	2	at first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint , but at bark you do n't just get your average hot dog .	bark
2	2	amazing food .	food
2	2	excellent food , although the interior could use some help .	food
2	2	i recommend this place to everyone .	place
2	2	 quacamole at pacifico is yummy , as are the wings with chimmichuri .	quacamole
0	0	rather than preparing vegetarian dish , the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables ( minus sauce , seasoning , or any form or aesthetic presentation ) .	chef
2	2	the food and service were fine , however the maitre-d was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant .	food
0	0	 dessert : pure disaster .	dessert
2	2	we were drawn into the belly dancing show that captivated the crowd .	belly dancing show
2	2	the dessert ( we had a pear torte ) was good - but , once again , the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions .	pear torte
2	2	the service is amazing , i 've had different waiters and they were all nice , which is a rare thing in nyc .	waiters
2	2	the martinis are amazing and very fairly priced .	martinis
2	2	the drinks are great , especially when made by raymond .	drinks
2	2	this is one of my favorite spot , very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .	food
2	2	but the best pork souvlaki i ever had is the main thing .	pork souvlaki
2	2	for desserts , we tried the frozen black sesame mousse ( interesting but not extraordinary ) and matcha ( powdered green tea ) and blueberry cheesecake , which was phenomenal .	matcha ( powdered green tea ) and blueberry cheesecake
2	2	maybe it was the great company ( i had friends visiting from philly – yes , it was not a date this time ) or the super reasonable price point , but i just can ’ t say enough good things about this brasserie .	brasserie
2	2	for a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed , there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service .	restaurant
0	0	we thought the dessert would be better , wrong !	dessert
2	2	helpful service and average price per dish $ 10 .	service
0	0	the decor however seems to be the distraction so you wo n't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come !	eggplant
2	2	the hot dogs were juicy and tender inside and had plenty of crunch and snap on the outside .	hot dogs
2	2	even though the place is not beautiful , the food speaks for itself .	food
0	0	however , once i received my predictably mediocre order of what dokebi thinks passes as korean fair , ( sometimes you have to settle when it 's your only option ) , i got through about half my kimchee before i found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting , slimy , clearly bad piece of fish skin .	korean fair
0	0	the appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion ( maybe 3 of each ) .	fried oysters and clams
2	2	i picked the grilled black cod as my entree , which i absolutely devoured while someone commented that the grilled salmon dish was better .	grilled salmon dish
2	2	i 'll being with a couple of positives : cool decor , good pita and hummus , and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty .	decor
0	0	i asked for a menu and the same waitress looked at my like i was insane .	waitress
0	0	poor service and management 	management
2	2	the meat is fresh , the sauces are great , you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too .	service
2	2	the spinach is fresh , definately not frozen ...	spinach
0	2	the pasta was well cooked , did n't have enough sauce though or flavor .	pasta
2	2	great food !	food
2	2	i highly recommend the fish tacos , everything else was ok .	fish tacos
2	0	at first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint , but at bark you do n't just get your average $t$ .	hot dog
0	0	my chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin .	chicken
2	2	dokebi gives williamsburg the right one-two punch of classic korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos .	fusion twists
2	2	price is high but the food is good , so i would come back again .	food
2	0	i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price ( just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $ 25 ) , which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place does n't have an upscale feel .	place
0	2	i believe there were 2 shrimp in the `` salt encrusted shrimp '' appetizer .	`` salt encrusted shrimp '' appetizer
0	2	by the time we left our wallets were empy and so were our stomachs and we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner , which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers !	food
2	2	i 've had my fair share of modern japanese and this spot delivers .	modern japanese
2	2	the dj is awesome , i have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and i keep going back .	dj
1	2	helpful service and average price per dish $ 10 .	dish
2	2	the menu looked great , and the waiter was very nice , but when the food came , it was average .	menu
2	2	everyone raved about the atmosphere ( elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views ) and the fabulous food !	food
2	2	fabulous food - if the front of house staff do n't put you off –	food
2	2	the food was good , the place was clean and affordable .	food
0	0	so what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food .	restaurant
2	2	decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing !	food
2	0	i showed it to the manager , and he smilingly apologized and brought us two free desserts ( but did not ask us what we wanted and so brought the last two desserts we would have asked for ) .	manager
2	2	 pacifico is a great place to casually hang out .	pacifico
2	2	an awesome organic dog , and a conscious eco friendly establishment .	establishment
2	2	we have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given .	dinner
0	0	i would not expect this for a $ 55 dinner .	dinner
1	2	the food we ordered was excellent , although i would n't say the margaritas were anything to write home about .	margaritas
2	2	great food , great wine list , great service in a great neighborhood ...	wine list
2	2	all in all , the food was great ( except for the dessserts ) .	food
2	2	the place has a nice fit-out , some attractive furnishings and , from what i could tell , a reasonable wine list ( i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins )	wine list
2	2	i looove their eggplant pizza , as well as their pastas !	pastas
2	2	 bison was quite excellent however .	bison
0	2	i agree that dining at casa la femme is like no other dining experience !	casa la femme
2	2	great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost !	place
1	2	the side dishes were passable , and i did get a refill upon request .	side dishes
0	2	i have never been so disgusted by both food an service .	service
2	2	the crust was imazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded : ) : ) : )	pizza
2	2	amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings !	toppings
2	2	the main entree was also very good .	main entree
2	2	i looove their eggplant pizza , as well as their pastas !	eggplant pizza
1	0	our waitress was n't mean , but not especially warm or attentive either .	waitress
0	2	i was there for brunch recently , and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter .	waiter
0	0	i would not expect this for a $ 55 dinner .	dinner
0	0	the wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings .	staff
2	2	over all it was a very nice romantic place .	place
2	2	the hot dogs are top notch , and they 're slamwich is amazing !	hot dogs
2	2	i love margherita pizza – i looove east village pizza	margherita pizza
0	0	if you are going for the food , it will not be worth it .	food
0	0	the food and service were fine , however the maitre-d was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant .	maitre-d
2	2	excellent sashimi , and the millennium roll is beyond delicious .	millennium roll
2	2	the food was great and tasty , but the sitting space was too small , i do n't like being cramp in a corner .	food
2	2	the appetizers are also delicious !	appetizers
1	2	what you are paying for is the environment and the name .	environment
2	2	it is quite a spectacular scene i 'll give them that .	scene
0	0	the atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking , which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors .	scheme of mirrors
0	0	and $ 11 for a plate of bland guacamole ?	guacamole
2	2	highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had !	decor
2	2	the food was good , the place was clean and affordable .	place
2	2	everything on the menu is great .	menu
0	2	not because you are `` the four seasons '' ... – you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner .	the four seasons
2	2	i ordered the vitello alla marsala and i was pretty impressed .	vitello alla marsala
2	2	gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner	place
2	2	most of the booths allow you to sit next to eachother without looking like 'that ' couple .	booths
0	0	but the service is horrid !	service
0	2	maggot in the food !	food
0	0	oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting .	mens bathroom
0	0	the food they serve is not comforting , not appetizing and uncooked .	food
0	0	the manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly .	manager
0	0	you would think they would make up for it with service , sadly , no .	service
1	0	the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour , but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food .	space
1	2	the food was ok and fair nothing to go crazy .	food
2	2	we had half/half pizza , mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was sooo huge for a small size pizza !	half/half pizza
2	2	the pastas are incredible , the risottos ( particularly the sepia ) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing .	pastas
2	2	best indian chinese in the city , by far !	indian chinese
0	0	the bread was stale , the salad was overpriced and empty .	bread
2	2	while finishing our meals which included a high-end bottle of wine , our son 's fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert .	bottle of wine
2	2	the rolls are creative and i have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food .	rolls
2	2	look , the appetizers were really good .	appetizers
0	0	oh , and i never write reviews -- i just was so moved by how bad this place was , i felt it was my duty to spread the word .	place
2	2	the veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly .	veal
0	0	they are extremely rude , not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $ 500 for some drinks adn their pita bread !	drinks
2	2	they have a delicious banana chocolate dessert , as well as a great green tea tempura .	green tea tempura
0	2	if i could give 0 stars i would do so for this place .	place
2	2	what really makes it shine is the food , which is aggressively seasoned with cyrpriot spices , and all made in-house ( even the gyro meat and sausages ) , and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected .	food
0	0	also , waiters try to push more food on you , like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $ .	waiters
1	2	 food was ok .	food
0	0	we were offered water for the table but were not told the voss bottles of water were $ 8 a piece .	voss bottles of water
2	2	however , our main course was wonderful .	main course
2	2	what really makes it shine is the food , which is aggressively seasoned with cyrpriot spices , and all made in-house ( even the gyro meat and sausages ) , and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected .	sausages
0	0	for me dishes a little oily , but overall dining experience good .	dishes
2	2	noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food i enjoy .	service
0	0	don ’ t go to this place !	place
2	2	i love this place 	place
0	0	but $ 500 for a dinner for two that did n't include wine ?	dinner for two
0	2	this place survives on reputation alone .	place
2	2	prices are fair across the board for both food and bev .	bev
2	2	all in all , i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future .	restaurant
0	2	how this place survives the competitive west village market in this economy , or any other for that matter , is beyond me .	place
2	2	the place has a nice fit-out , some attractive furnishings and , from what i could tell , a reasonable wine list ( i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins )	fit-out
0	1	 service was just ok , it is not what you 'd expect for $ 500 .	service
0	0	easily the worst stir-fried squid i 've ever tasted .	stir-fried squid
0	0	shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service .	staff
1	0	we did arrive late for our reservation so i can not complain too much about the wait for a table .	wait
2	2	amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages please do yourself a favor and check this place out !	hot dog
2	2	good creative rolls !	rolls
0	0	there is no way it justifies the accolades it receives , the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table .	staff
0	0	the bread was stale , the salad was overpriced and empty .	salad
2	2	i book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot .	white organza tent
0	0	very immature bartender , didnt know how to make specific drinks , service was so slowwwww , the food was not fresh or warm , waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers .	service
2	2	taking hot dogs to the next level	hot dogs
2	2	i don ’ t usually visit the same establishment more than once , what more twice , but i ’ ll come to zenkichi anytime for a quiet , unhurried and memorable dinner .	zenkichi
2	2	the meat is fresh , the sauces are great , you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too .	meat
0	0	the nakgi-bokum was horrible .	nakgi-bokum
0	2	so , i switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe i could stomach the meat and spinach again , but the $t$ was so undercooked that i just could not bite through it .	spinach
0	2	the space kind of feels like an alice in wonderland setting , without it trying to be that .	space
2	2	 the four seasons restaurant is a great experience .	the four seasons restaurant
0	2	i wish i could like this place more , and i wish someone would retrain the staff .	place
0	0	this staff should be fired .	staff
2	2	i heard the lobster roll was excellent .	lobster roll
0	0	bad staff 	staff
2	2	the food is flavorful , plentiful and reasonably priced .	food
0	1	the bar drinks were eh , ok to say the least .	bar drinks
0	0	i have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused , and wasted my hard earned money .	restaurant
0	0	the stuff tilapia was horrid ... tasted like cardboard .	stuff tilapia
2	2	this is undoubtedly my favorite modern japanese brasserie ( that don ’ t serve sushi ) , and in my opinion , one of the most romantic restaurants in the city !	modern japanese brasserie
0	2	i would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner .	place
2	2	my party had the bbe $ 29 fixe prix menu , which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake !	bbe $ 29 fixe prix menu
0	0	the frizzy retro girl ( with winged/ dame edna glasses ) will yell at you if you try to order a drink .	girl
2	2	i completely recommend casa la femme for any special occasion and to really impress your date .	casa la femme
0	0	be prepared to wait , because the place is pretty tiny .	place
2	2	excellent food for great prices	food
0	0	the food was great and tasty , but the sitting space was too small , i do n't like being cramp in a corner .	sitting space
2	2	this place had all the trimmings and i mean all .	trimmings
2	2	i had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations .	filet
1	1	 vanison was good but not amazing .	vanison
2	2	but nonetheless -- great spot , great food .	spot
0	0	i read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and i thought to myself , but may be it is worth it .	restaurant
2	2	they have great rolls , the triple color and norwegetan rolls , are awesome and filling .	triple color and norwegetan rolls
2	2	 sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance .	sushi
2	2	here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available .	hot dog
2	2	 bukhara is on my top 5 indian places in nyc	bukhara
2	2	this is the most wonderful restaurant in all of new york city , not just brooklyn ...	restaurant
2	2	the crust has a great bite and a good chew , the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it , the salt from the cheese is great , really heightens the flavor of all the other components .	cheese
2	2	the food is always fresh ...	food
0	2	i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price ( just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $ 25 ) , which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place does n't have an upscale feel .	feel
2	2	my father had the flank steak which was very good , and my mother had the swordfish .	flank steak
2	2	the menu looked great , and the waiter was very nice , but when the food came , it was average .	waiter
2	2	noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food i enjoy .	food
0	2	i would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner .	place
0	0	the sauce tasted more like chinese fast food than decent korean .	sauce
0	0	the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour , but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food .	space
0	0	considering you will spend at least $ 60 a head , i expect better service .	service
2	2	but nonetheless -- great spot , great food .	food
2	2	cool atmosphere , the fire place in the back really ads to it but needs a bit more heat throughout on a cold night .	atmosphere
2	2	an unpretentious spot in park slope , the sushi is consistently good , the service is pleasant , effective and unassuming .	spot
0	0	rather than preparing vegetarian dish , the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables ( minus sauce , seasoning , or any form or aesthetic presentation ) .	vegetarian dish
0	0	gross food – wow-	food
0	0	the service was extremely fast and attentive ( thanks to the service button on your table ) but i barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order .	waiter
0	0	i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price ( just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $ 25 ) , which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place does n't have an upscale feel .	chicken tikka masala
2	2	the wife had the risotto which was amazing .	risotto
2	2	the sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious .	rolls
2	2	what really makes it shine is the food , which is aggressively seasoned with cyrpriot spices , and all made in-house ( even the gyro meat and sausages ) , and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected .	gyro meat
2	2	the food is good .	food
2	2	great shabu shabu 	shabu shabu
1	2	though it 's been crowded most times i 've gone here , bark always delivers on their food .	bark
0	0	very immature bartender , didnt know how to make specific drinks , service was so slowwwww , the food was not fresh or warm , waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers .	waitresses
2	2	wish ny had more of these kind of places : intimate , superb food , homey , top notch all the way around , certainly worth the wait .	food
2	2	great atmosphere 	atmosphere
1	0	very `` normal indian food '' , but done really well .	indian food
0	0	this place has totally weird decor , stairs going up with mirrored walls - i am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional ...	decor
2	2	this small astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in new york .	gyros
2	0	this place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi .	sushi
2	2	the seafood dynamite is also otherworldly .	seafood dynamite
2	2	reliable , fresh sushi 	sushi
0	0	there is no way it justifies the accolades it receives , the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table .	wait
1	2	restaurant with a view 	view
0	0	the chicken lollipop is my favorite , most of the dishes ( i have to agree with a previous reviewer ) are quite oily and very spicy , espeically the chilli chicken .	dishes
0	0	can ’ t believe how an expensive nyc restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients .	restaurant
2	2	good food : my favorite is the seafood spaghetti .	seafood spaghetti
2	2	i don ’ t usually visit the same establishment more than once , what more twice , but i ’ ll come to zenkichi anytime for a quiet , unhurried and memorable dinner .	zenkichi
2	2	all in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side , but fresh .	food
0	0	we also asked for hooka six times and the waiter kept telling us one minute and never returning with the hooka .	waiter
0	2	the atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking , which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors .	atmosphere
2	2	great food 	food
2	2	 raymond the bartender rocks !	raymond
2	2	maybe it was the great company ( i had friends visiting from philly – yes , it was not a date this time ) or the super reasonable price point , but i just can ’ t say enough good things about this brasserie .	brasserie
0	0	the hostess was rude and i got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us .	hostess
2	2	great place , great value .	place
0	2	fabulous food - if the front of house staff do n't put you off –	front of house staff
2	2	the service was spectacular as the waiter knew everything about the menu and his recommendations were amazing !	service
0	0	however , once i received my predictably mediocre order of what dokebi thinks passes as korean fair , ( sometimes you have to settle when it 's your only option ) , i got through about half my kimchee before i found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting , slimy , clearly bad piece of fish skin .	kimchee
0	2	also , i personally was n't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole .	portobello and asparagus mole
2	2	 bukhara grill , the tagline says it all ... `` indian spice rave ''	bukhara grill
0	2	there 's another girl who i ca n't describe , she is about 5'6 '' with brown hair , who eavesdrops on your conversation and chimes in - except she only hears the last part of what you said , so her uninvited opinions are often out of context and nothing to do with what you 're *really* talking about .	girl
2	2	quacamole at pacifico is yummy , as are the wings with chimmichuri .	wings with chimmichuri
2	1	i paid just about $ 60 for a good meal , though : )	meal
2	2	the food was excellent as well as service , however , i left the four seasons very dissappointed .	food
2	2	i love their chicken pasta cant remember the name but is sooo good	chicken pasta
2	2	what really makes it shine is the food , which is aggressively seasoned with cyrpriot spices , and all made in-house ( even the gyro meat and sausages ) , and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected .	ingredients
2	2	i was visiting new york city with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant .	restaurant
2	2	the veal was incredible last night .	veal
2	2	yes , the place is classy and beautiful , but they most certainly target the uber whealthy not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while .	place
2	2	excellent food for great prices	food
2	2	great hot dogs ..	hot dogs
2	2	the food is flavorful , plentiful and reasonably priced .	food
0	0	had an awful experience at casa la femme on a saturday dinner .	casa la femme
2	2	not a very fancy place but very good chinese style indian food .	chinese style indian food
0	0	i ca n't remember the last time i had such gross food in new york .	food
2	2	a different server enhanced the fun , dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer ( which was delicious ) .	appetizer
2	2	prices are fair across the board for both food and bev .	food
2	2	i came across village underground by accident , now i go there all the time .	village underground
2	2	not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot , once you enter the unmarked wooden doors , the zen and intimate décor will make you feel like you ’ re no longer in the city .	décor
2	2	the entree was also very good .	entree
2	2	the sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious .	rolls
2	2	personally i like the margherita pizza better , but they are all good .	margherita pizza
2	2	the design of the space is good .	space
0	0	so what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food .	food
2	2	for 7 years they have put out the most tasty , most delicious food and kept it that way ...	food
2	2	have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once .	service
2	2	great survice 	survice
2	2	i 'll being with a couple of positives : cool decor , good pita and hummus , and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty .	pita
2	2	it was really good pizza .	pizza
2	2	great food , great wine list , great service in a great neighborhood ...	food
2	2	the boths are not as small as some of the reviews make them out to look they 're perfect for 2 people .	boths
2	2	i had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations .	fish
2	2	the place is beautiful !	place
1	2	a quintessential slice of nyc pizza .	slice of nyc pizza
0	2	mazing interior .	interior
2	2	the waiter was attentive , the food was delicious and the views of the city were great .	food
2	2	not only is the food 	food
2	2	the service was extremely fast and attentive ( thanks to the $t$ button on your table ) but i barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order .	service
2	2	over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals .	looks
0	0	the real problem i had with this place was the complete lack of service .	service
2	2	i thought the restaurant was nice and clean .	restaurant
1	2	the environment is very upscale and you will see a lot of rich guys with trophy wives or just highly paid escorts .	environment
0	0	poor service and management	service
0	0	worst place on smith street in brooklyn	place
2	2	tasty dog !	dog
0	2	a word to the wise : you ca n't dine here and disturb the maitre-d 's sense of `` table turnover '' , as whacked as it is , or else .	maitre-d
2	2	watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that 's more lemony than smoky .	belly dancers
0	0	the food here was mediocre at best .	food
2	2	the hostess was very pleasant .	hostess
0	0	 delivery guy sometimes get upset if you do n't tip more than 10 % .	delivery guy
0	0	had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive .	staff
2	2	the meat is fresh , the sauces are great , you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too .	meal
0	0	i was speechless by the horrible food .	food
1	0	i tried a couple other dishes but was n't too impressed .	dishes
0	0	the concept of japanese tapas is newly created and clearly does n't work .	japanese tapas
0	0	however , our $ 14 drinks were were horrible !	drinks
2	2	 food was amazing - i love indian $t$ and eat it quite regularly , but i can say this is one of the best i 've had .	food
2	2	the crust was imazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded : ) : ) : )	crust
0	0	the waiter delivered our food while holding what appeared to be a plastic bag of garbage in one hand .	waiter
2	0	i must say i am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year , though .	restaurant
2	2	the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want , so we paid for what we did enjoy , the drinks and appetizers , and walked out .	appetizers
0	0	my quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor .	quesadilla
2	2	 place is open till late , no dress code .	place
0	0	despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern japanese food for the foreseeable future .	mirrors
2	2	great place , great value .	place
1	2	 the four seasons has history and it is a sort of landmark of new york city restaurants , but trust me , they will charge you through the nose just so that you can say `` i 've been to $t$ restaurant '' .	the four seasons
2	2	the food we ordered was excellent , although i would n't say the margaritas were anything to write home about .	food
0	0	everyone seemed generally happy with their food , except my brother who had the grilled mahi mahi , seemingly drenched in grapfruit juice !	grilled mahi mahi
2	2	 paul , the maitre d ' , was totally professional and always on top of things .	paul
2	2	they have great rolls , the triple color and norwegetan $t$ , are awesome and filling .	rolls
0	2	my main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others , but i would be lying is i said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen i was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation .	food
0	0	this place is not inviting and the food is totally weird .	place
2	2	 indo chinese food , pretty good ...	indo chinese food
0	0	i think the pizza is so overrated and was under cooked .	pizza
2	2	nice view of river and nyc .	view of river and nyc
2	2	the wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings .	wine list
0	0	even though the place is not beautiful , the food speaks for itself .	place
2	2	favorite sushi in nyc	sushi
2	2	i highly recommend this beautiful place .	place
2	2	the service was spectacular as the waiter knew everything about the menu and his recommendations were amazing !	waiter
2	2	the pastas are incredible , the risottos ( particularly the sepia ) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing .	sepia
0	0	only complaint is the pricing -- i believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu .	menu
1	1	 lobster was good , nothing spectacular .	lobster
0	2	 maitre-d - '' eat and get out ''	maitre-d
2	2	the food was excellent as well as service , however , i left the four seasons very dissappointed .	service
0	0	 service ok but unfriendly , filthy bathroom .	service
0	2	service ok but unfriendly , filthy bathroom .	bathroom
2	2	the waiter was attentive , the food was delicious and the views of the city were great .	waiter
2	2	love al di la 	al di la
2	2	the rolls are creative and i have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food .	japanese food
0	0	 decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing !	decor
2	2	the food was good , the place was clean and affordable .	place
2	2	i generally like this place .	place
2	2	the hot dogs are top notch , and they 're slamwich is amazing !	slamwich
0	2	everything was going good until we got our meals .	meals
2	2	the meat is fresh , the sauces are great , you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too .	sauces
0	0	excellent food , although the interior could use some help .	interior
0	0	be prepared to wait , because the place is pretty tiny .	place
2	2	great food , amazing service , this place is a class act .	place
0	2	all in all , i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future .	staff
2	2	excellent sashimi , and the millennium roll is beyond delicious .	sashimi
2	2	possibly the most romantic restaurant in the city	restaurant
2	2	this is undoubtedly my favorite modern japanese brasserie ( that don ’ t serve sushi ) , and in my opinion , one of the most romantic restaurants in the city !	modern japanese brasserie
2	2	it ’ s just you and your date and an occasional cute ‘ excuse me ’ before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth !	waiter
2	2	the service was quick and friendly .	service
2	2	the drinks are great , especially when made by raymond .	raymond
0	0	the food was excellent as well as service , however , i left the four seasons very dissappointed .	the four seasons
0	2	price is high but the food is good , so i would come back again .	food
2	2	it 's a great place to order from or sit-in .	place
1	2	overall , decent food at a good price , with friendly people .	food
2	2	 mussles and calamari were superb saturday evening .	mussles
2	2	the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want , so we paid for what we did enjoy , the drinks and appetizers , and walked out .	drinks
2	1	i paid just about $ 60 for a good meal , though : )	meal
2	2	great hot dogs !	hot dogs
2	2	im not necessarily fanatical about this place , but it was a fun time for low pirces .	place
2	2	best restaurant in brooklyn	restaurant
2	2	 service was wonderful ;	service
2	2	despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern japanese food for the foreseeable future .	modern japanese food
0	0	i 'd be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely !	staff
1	0	so what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food .	restaurant
2	2	if you ’ re planning to come here , make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you ’ ll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching ( choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky ! ) .	private booths
0	0	my quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor .	quesadilla
2	2	amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages please do yourself a favor and check this place out !	place
2	2	dokebi gives williamsburg the right one-two punch of classic korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos .	korean food
2	2	i had the lamb special which was perfect .	lamb special
0	0	this place has totally weird decor , stairs going up with mirrored walls - i am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - $t$ make you dizzy and delusional ...	mirrored walls
2	2	overall , decent food at a good price , with friendly people .	people
0	0	this place does n't make any sense	place
2	2	the crust has a great bite and a good chew , the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it , the salt from the cheese is great , really heightens the flavor of all the other components .	sauce
2	2	good food : my favorite is the sea$t$ spaghetti .	food
2	2	my party had the bbe $ 29 fixe prix menu , which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake !	bbe $ 29 fixe prix menu
2	2	 yamato is an excellent place to go if youre not into sashimi , or if you have friends who doesnt like sushi much .	yamato
2	2	i never write on these sites but this restaurant is def worth commending !	restaurant
2	2	great food , great wine list , great service in a great neighborhood ...	service
2	2	highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had !	food
2	2	just go to yamato and order the red dragon roll .	red dragon roll
2	2	the food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together .	food
0	2	but if you 're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary , then this is the place to go for indian food	place
2	2	an unpretentious spot in park slope , the sushi is consistently good , the service is pleasant , effective and unassuming .	service
2	2	the food is great and the environment is even better .	food
2	2	best meal in a long time !	meal
0	2	i was there for brunch recently , and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter .	waitress
0	2	the waitress came to check in on us every few minutes , and began to clear the plates while half of us were still eating ( a big pet peeve of mine that happens almost everywhere , so i try to ignore it ) .	waitress
0	0	this guy refused to seat her and she left , followed shortly by the four of us , but not before i told him that in my 40 years of world travel , including paris , that i had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant .	frontman
0	2	i wish i could like this place more , and i wish someone would retrain the staff .	staff
2	2	the martinis are amazing and very fairly priced .	martinis
2	2	great indian food 	indian food
2	2	best indian restaurant in the city	indian restaurant
2	2	the hot dogs are good , yes , but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich , perfect on its supermarket squishy bun .	hot dogs
1	0	the menu looked great , and the waiter was very nice , but when the food came , it was average .	food
2	2	over all it was a very nice romantic place .	place
1	1	the menu is fairly simple without much descriptions .	menu
0	0	the servers at flatbush farm appear to have perfected that ghastly technique of making you feel guilty and ashamed for deigning to attract their attention .	servers
2	2	sometimes tables do n't understand his sense of humor but it 's refreshing to have a server who has personality , professionalism , and respects the privacy of your dinner .	server
2	2	i can eat here every day of the week really lol love this place ... )	place
2	2	thank you everyone at water 's edge .	water 's edge
0	2	yes , the place is classy and beautiful , but they most certainly target the uber whealthy not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while .	place
2	2	the chicken lollipop is my favorite , most of the dishes ( i have to agree with a previous reviewer ) are quite oily and very spicy , espeically the chilli chicken .	chicken lollipop
0	0	i was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they dont have .	dessert
2	2	the have a great cocktail with citrus vodka and lemon and lime juice and mint leaves that is to die for !	cocktail with citrus vodka and lemon and lime juice and mint leaves
0	2	all in all , the food was great ( except for the dessserts ) .	dessserts
2	2	the wait staff is very courteous and accomodating .	wait staff
0	0	i have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused , and wasted my hard earned money .	restaurant
2	2	great indian food !	indian food
2	2	the food is flavorful , plentiful and reasonably priced .	food
2	2	but if you 're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary , then this is the place to go for indian food 	indian food
0	0	i literally just got back home after visiting casa la femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time .	casa la femme
0	0	i attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant , and the food was majorly disappointing .	food
2	2	great food , amazing service , this place is a class act .	service
2	2	short and sweet – seating is great : it 's romantic , cozy and private .	seating
2	2	we started off with a delightful sashimi amuse bouche .	sashimi amuse bouche
2	2	great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost !	toppings
2	0	cool atmosphere , the fire place in the back really ads to it but needs a bit more heat throughout on a cold night .	fire place
2	2	this place has great indian chinese food .	indian chinese food
2	2	i had the thai style fried sea bass ... which was very good .	thai style fried sea bass
2	2	the waiter was attentive , the food was delicious and the views of the city were great .	views of the city
2	2	the atmosphere is relaxed and casual .	atmosphere
1	0	the bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the `` free '' appetizer of olives was disappointing .	appetizer of olives
2	2	just go to yamato and order the red dragon roll .	yamato
2	2	watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that 's more lemony than smoky .	baba ganoush
2	2	the cypriot restaurant has a lot going for it .	cypriot restaurant
0	0	the dessert ( we had a pear torte ) was good - but , once again , the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions .	staff
0	0	i literally just got back home after visiting casa la femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time .	casa la femme
1	0	the lobster knuckles ( special of the day ) were ok , but pretty tasteless .	lobster knuckles
2	2	a coworker and i tried pacifico after work a few fridays and loved it .	pacifico
0	0	single worst restaurant in manhattan	restaurant
2	2	the family seafood entree was very good .	family seafood entree
2	2	an awesome organic dog , and a conscious eco friendly establishment .	dog
2	2	im not necessarily fanatical about this place , but it was a fun time for low pirces .	place
0	0	after the 4th time i asked again and the waiter than said after our dinner .	waiter
2	2	hands down the best pizza on the planet .	pizza
0	0	the bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the `` free '' appetizer of olives was disappointing .	bread
