2	2	so about the prawns , they were fresh and had a slight crispiness about the batter ... soooo good ... the walnuts were cut in smaller pieces and very crunchy and tasty .	walnuts
0	0	we are locals , and get the feeling the only way this place survives with such average food is because most customers are probably one-time customer tourists .	place
2	2	in grammercy/union square/east village this is my neighbors and my favorite spot .	spot
2	2	the food is fantastic , authentic , delicious and very , very affordable .	food
2	2	great value sushi with high quality & nice setting .	sushi
2	2	great food , spectacular location , and friendly service keep us coming back year after year .	food
2	2	– ray 's ( suprisingly ) has the city 's best & most diverse wine list .	wine list
0	2	the pancakes were certainly inventive but $ 8.50 for 3 - 6 '' $t$ ( one of them was more like 5 '' ) in the pancake flight ( sample of 3 different $t$ ) is well over-priced .	pancakes
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	trout
2	2	best restaurant in the world , great decor , great customer service , friendly manager	restaurant
2	2	the band was very good and the service was attentive .	service
2	2	the food is great and they make a mean bloody mary .	bloody mary
2	2	i had yummy lamb korma , saag paneer , samosas , naan , etc .	samosas
2	2	a perfect place to take out of town guests any time of the year .	place
0	0	i have a but here - there was a bathroom attendant in the restroom which was odd .	restroom
0	0	we left without ever getting service .	service
2	2	the staff is pretty friendly .	staff
0	0	for the amount of food we got the prices should have been lower .	food
2	2	imagine my happy surprise upon finding that the views are only the third-best thing about ray 's !	views
2	1	we did have the same waiter the second time , so maybe the service is spotty and our luck is good .	waiter
2	2	i can highly recommend their various saag and paneer and korma .	korma
0	0	poor customer service /poor pizza .	customer service
1	0	– schooner or later 's charming location along the marina in long beach and average food does not , unfortunately , compensate for its very poor customer service .	food
2	2	the specialty here is decadent pancakes , but i 've been back now four times , and i 've been wowed every time .	pancakes
2	2	the service was excellent , the coffee was good even by starbucks standards and the food was outstanding .	service
0	0	the waiter was a bit unfriendly and the feel of the restaurant was crowded .	feel
2	2	always busy , but they are good at seating you promptly and have quick service .	service
2	2	the food is great and they make a mean bloody mary .	food
2	2	amazing spanish mackeral special appetizer and perfect box sushi ( that eel with avodcao -- um um um ) .	box sushi
2	2	the food was great , the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me .	food
2	2	the atmosphere is great .	atmosphere
0	0	for the amount of food we got the prices should have been lower .	food
2	2	the food is fantastic , and the waiting staff has been perfect every single time we 've been there .	food
0	0	the only problem is you really have to warm up the pizza before it 's edible , even when you order ahead .	pizza
0	2	the pancakes should be larger ( at least 8 '' ) to justify the expense even with the unique offerings .	pancakes
2	2	not only can the selection be innovative , but there 's a nice balance of traditional sushi as well .	sushi
2	2	for my entr & eacute ; e , i completely enjoyed the seared alaskan sea scallops complemented by chard , artichoke hearts , fennel , and pecorino toscano .	seared alaskan sea scallops
2	2	the entire staff was extremely accomodating and tended to my every need .	staff
0	0	in the end our check came to $ 27 for 4 small pancakes , a breakfast burrito , an orange juice and an iced tea ( i had water ) .	pancakes
2	2	the wine list is incredible and extensive and diverse , the food is all incredible and the staff was all very nice , good at their jobs and cultured .	food
2	2	the catering is out of this world , and raouls chicken vegetable soup rocks my world   !	catering
2	2	– i do n't understand how i was a stranger to this place for so long ... the fajita salad , the colorado , the fajitas - everything is delicious .	colorado
0	0	fancy pieces of exotic fish on a $ 100 dollar plate and not one was eatable .	exotic fish
2	2	– this is my `` must bring out of town guests to '' restaurant and they always enjoy and rave about it .	restaurant
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	milk fish
2	2	endless fun , awesome music , great staff !	staff
2	2	brunch at murphy 's is to die for , my specialty ... egg white omelet , the food is always freshly prepared .	food
0	1	food wise , its ok but a bit pricey for what you get considering the restaurant is n't a fancy place .	restaurant
2	2	food was fine , with a some little-tastier-than-normal salsa .	salsa
2	2	i would normally not finish the brocolli when i order these kinds of food but for the first time , every piece was as eventful as the first one ... the scallops and prawns was so fresh and nicely cooked .	brocolli
2	2	be sure to try the oyster roll .	oyster roll
2	2	– i loved the pumpkin ravioli and the goat cheese gnocchi ( 5 big ones to a plate instead of 20 or so little gnocchis ) and my sister loved her filet mignon on top of spinach and mashed potatoes .	goat cheese gnocchi
0	2	the fish was fresh , though it was cut very thin .	fish
2	2	love the enchiladas and chicken soup - and be sure to check out their specials .	chicken soup
2	2	 seafood plus	seafood
1	1	 portions was just enough for me , but may not be for a big eater .	portions
2	2	i love breakfast here .	breakfast
2	2	this is the place to relax and enjoy the finest quality food the industry can offer .	place
2	2	best food , phenominal service	food
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	cod
2	2	the chicken curry and chicken tikka masala are my favorite meat dishes .	chicken tikka masala
2	2	we were seated right away , the table was private and nice .	table
0	0	they serve it in a tall , skinny hour-glass shaped glass to disguise the fact that you a getting a small juice at the price of a half gallon in a supermarket .	juice
2	2	the wine list is wonderful and the food reminds me of my recent trip to italy .	food
2	2	the side of potatoes is to die for , as is the labne ( yogurt dip ) .	labne ( yogurt dip )
2	2	– this is one of my top lunch spots , huge portions , fast service and amazing margaritas  !	portions
2	2	love the enchiladas and chicken soup - and be sure to check out their specials .	enchiladas
2	2	while i could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us , our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one .	food
2	2	the open sesame combo plate is a bargain for the heap of food given .	open sesame combo plate
2	2	the food is simply unforgettable !	food
2	2	the only positive thing about mioposto is the nice location .	location
0	0	although the service could be improved considering the money you put in .	service
2	2	the steak was done to my exact liking ( medium rare ) and was nice and juicy .	steak
0	0	the food is not what it once was ( potions have seriously seen downsizing ) prices have gone up , and the service is the worst i have experienced anywhere ( including mainland europe ) .	food
0	0	we stood there for 10 minutes while employees walked back and forth ignoring us .	employees
2	2	the servers behind the counter are always friendly and helpful .	servers behind the counter
2	2	much more than just a great view !	view
0	0	– it is sad to see a place that was once `` the '' $t$ to meet and eat for bfast or lunch , now be the $t$ that is a big `` dont bother  ''	place
2	2	– ray 's is the place to go for high quality seafood dinners .	seafood dinners
0	2	many people talk about the great pizza and poor service , so it ca n't just be the rantings of a few dissatisfied customers .	service
2	2	the food is great , the bartenders go that extra mile .	bartenders
1	0	– i decided to eat at stack because of their price fixed pre-show dinner .	price fixed pre-show dinner
0	2	i know many people have their favorite types of pizza and $t$ places , but mioposto 's $t$ lacks quality and good taste .	pizza
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	mackeral
2	2	 drinks were good .	drinks
2	2	– eggs , pancakes , potatoes , fresh fruit and yogurt -- everything they serve is delicious .	eggs
2	2	the coffe is very good , too .	coffe
0	0	as it turns out the owner was seated right next to us and when he came over to check on our problems was very dismissive and offered a token 20 % discount on our bill .	owner
2	2	serves really good sushi .	sushi
2	2	we have since returned and also had a great experience , sampling more small plates and a variety of the beer ( cold and good ) .	beer
2	2	i had yummy lamb korma , saag paneer , samosas , naan , etc .	saag paneer
2	2	the food was all good but it was way too mild .	food
2	2	– the food is here is incredible , though the quality is inconsistent during lunch .	food
2	2	great lunch spot 	lunch spot
0	0	terrible service , food ok , pricey	service
2	2	i love this place !	place
2	2	the food is great , the bartenders go that extra mile .	food
2	2	we ordered a selection of the small plates , and the shoe string onions , goat cheese pizza , grilled asparagus and fried brie with fruit were all very good .	fried brie with fruit
0	1	i may not be a sushi guru but i can tell you that the food here is just okay and that there is not much else to it .	food
2	2	great food , better margaritas !	margaritas
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	sake
2	2	best honey walnyt prawns that we have every tasted .	honey walnyt prawns
2	2	everything i 've had here is good , taco salads , burritos , enchiladas i love this place .	place
2	2	the presentation of the food was an added bonus , it looked just as great as it tasted !	food
2	2	the sommelier is fantastic , down-to-earth , & extremely knowlegable .	sommelier
2	0	if i needed to name some they would include the location to the beach or golden gate park .	location
2	2	everything i 've had here is good , taco salads , burritos , enchiladas i love this place .	taco salads
2	2	– i am exceedingly pleased to report that my dinner at ray 's boathouse last friday completely exceeded my expectations .	ray 's boathouse
2	2	i 've had the jellyfish , horse mackerel , blue fin tuna and the sake ikura roll among others , and they were all good .	blue fin tuna
1	1	the food was ok , but the service was so poor that the $t$ was cold buy the time everyone in my party was served .	food
0	0	the owner is belligerent to guests that have a complaint .	owner
2	2	 food was good and appetizing .	food
0	0	we are locals , and get the feeling the only way this place survives with such average food is because most customers are probably one-time customer tourists .	food
2	2	we ordered a selection of the small plates , and the shoe string onions , goat cheese pizza , grilled asparagus and fried brie with fruit were all very good .	grilled asparagus
2	2	the staff was really friendly .	staff
2	2	the appetizer was interesting , but the creme brulee was very savory and delicious .	creme brulee
0	0	perhaps now , scooner or later falls into the `` dive '' category .	scooner or later
2	2	the sushi was excellent and the wait staff was quick .	wait staff
2	2	my friend enjoyed the grilled alaskan king salmon with delectable creamed washington russet potatoes and crisp green beans .	grilled alaskan king salmon
2	2	while this diner had reasonably good food , the restaurant staff seemed completely indifferent to our presence , and this attitude was reflected in the lack of service .	food
2	2	open & cool place with the best pizza and coffee	place
2	0	leave room for dessert .	dessert
2	2	– eggs , pancakes , potatoes , fresh fruit and yogurt -- everything they serve is delicious .	yogurt
1	2	- mediocre service /quality	service
2	2	the service is really attentive and charming .	service
2	2	there was a really nice vibe about the place ... good music , atmosphere and happy looking people .	atmosphere
2	2	great draft and bottle selection and the pizza rocks .	pizza
2	2	we ’ re can ’ t say enough about their delicious gourmet pizza ’ s !	pizza ’ s
2	2	i just found out that you can have the place to yourself on nights and weekends for a private party - ca n't wait to celebrate my next birthday there .	place
2	2	– mioposto has a very creative & delicious pizza menu .	pizza menu
0	0	when i got there i sat up stairs where the atmosphere was cozy & the service was horrible !	service
2	2	– in a age of incremental cost cutting in restaurants , its nice to see a place that bucks that trend , and just plain delivers high quality food and good service , period .	service
2	2	it 's a great little place with tons of potential to be a neighborhood joint if the service were n't so impersonal and corporate-like .	place
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	monk fish
2	2	also , they serve the best hummus in america , with a drizzle of fragrant olive oil ( which , i believe is the traditional way ) !	hummus
2	2	 indoor ambience was modern .	indoor ambience
2	2	plenty of food , trust me .	food
0	2	in the end our check came to $ 27 for 4 small pancakes , a breakfast burrito , an orange juice and an iced tea ( i had water ) .	breakfast burrito
2	2	unbeatable sushi !	sushi
2	2	i think i have probably tried each item on their menu at least once it is all excellent .	menu
2	2	– how to describe the best sushi in nyc : hmmmm , delicious , amazing , fantastic , suculent , perfect , nah , all of the above .	sushi
2	2	– love their pizza , especially the mushroom pizza .	mushroom pizza
2	2	i would normally not finish the brocolli when i order these kinds of food but for the first time , every piece was as eventful as the first one ... the scallops and prawns was so fresh and nicely cooked .	scallops
1	1	it 's located in a strip mall near the beverly center , not the greatest location , but the food keeps me coming back for more .	location
0	0	– i was highly disappointed in the food at pagoda .	food
2	2	– i ca n't believe murphy 's has been around for over 25 years , amazing .	murphy 's
0	2	the food was all good but it was way too mild .	food
2	2	nice ambience , but highly overrated place .	ambience
2	2	– i will never forget the amazing meal , service , and ambiance i experience at this restaurant .	ambiance
2	0	– schooner or later 's charming location along the marina in long beach and average food does not , unfortunately , compensate for its very poor customer service .	location along the marina in long beach
2	2	the chicken curry and chicken tikka masala are my favorite meat dishes .	chicken curry
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	soho location
2	2	the food is fantastic , and the waiting staff has been perfect every single time we 've been there .	waiting staff
2	2	but the space is small and lovely , and the service is helpful .	service
2	2	i 've had the jellyfish , horse mackerel , blue fin tuna and the sake ikura roll among others , and they were all good .	horse mackerel
2	2	open & cool place with the best pizza and coffee 	coffee
0	0	the food was great , the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me .	waitress
2	2	the house special roll is really good .	house special roll
2	2	great seasonal fish and seafood , with a classy waterfront setting .	waterfront setting
2	2	it 's the perfect spot for a romantic date for 2 or a secret rendezvous !	spot
2	2	my party of two was feeling particularly ambitious , and we splurged on the shilshole sampler ... a beautiful assortment of enormous white gulf prawns , smoked albacore tuna , ray 's fantastic manila clams seasoned with dill , scallops in a tasty soy dressing , and a tiny pile of dungeness crab atop a sublime butter sauce .	butter sauce
1	0	the regular menu here is slightly above average that is not worth the snotty attitude that you receive .	regular menu
2	2	it has great sushi and even better service .	sushi
2	2	great food , spectacular location , and friendly service keep us coming back year after year .	service
2	2	 green tea creme brulee gets better each time i have it .	green tea creme brulee
2	2	still i would recommend this place .	place
0	0	the music playing was very hip , 20-30 something pop music , but the subwoofer to the sound system was located under my seat , which became annoying midway through dinner .	subwoofer to the sound system
2	2	– best mexican place for lunch in the financial district .	mexican place
1	0	the outside patio area has an abbreviated menu .	menu
2	2	what else can you say nice people amazing food wow	food
2	2	fabulous italian food !	italian food
2	0	worst service i ever had	service
2	2	as usual the omikase did n't disappoint in freshness , although it scored low on creativity and selection .	omikase
0	0	on a recent trip , our waiter was extremely dismissive , while no less than three staff members waited hand-and-foot on a pair of japanese girls seated nearby .	waiter
1	1	it was n't the freshest seafood ever , but the taste and presentation was ok .	seafood
2	2	one of the best sushi place in town .	sushi place
2	2	there was a really nice vibe about the place ... good music , atmosphere and happy looking people .	vibe
2	2	and the waiter suggested a perfect sake !	sake
2	2	the wine list is wonderful and the food reminds me of my recent trip to italy .	wine list
1	0	our server continued to be attentive throughout the night , but i did remain puzzled by one issue : who thinks that ray 's is an appropriate place to take young children for dinner ?	ray 's
2	2	we were only in seattle for one night and i 'm so glad we picked rays for dinner !	rays
2	2	i had yummy lamb korma , saag paneer , samosas , naan , etc .	lamb korma
0	0	i went home & looked them up online again where i discovered there is a link for a give away that does n't work so emailed the restaurant about the non existent service & deceptive link .	restaurant
2	2	the brocollis were so fresh and tasty .	brocollis
2	2	best sushi in town .	sushi
2	2	ray 's is something of a seattle institution , but given its gorgeous sound views , i had suspected that the accolades were more due to the scenery than to the food and service .	sound views
2	2	good food , great service , average prices ( for the strip )	service
0	2	– as with most restaurants in seattle , mioposto 's service was bad and the food was overpriced .	food
2	2	our server continued to be attentive throughout the night , but i did remain puzzled by one issue : who thinks that ray 's is an appropriate place to take young children for dinner ?	server
2	2	you are with a hot date and he/she has an urge for sushi ... then this might be the place .	sushi
0	0	our waiter was non-existent and after our food finally arrived over an hour after we ordered , we were not given any water or utensils .	waiter
2	2	best crab cakes in town	crab cakes
2	2	– thats a big statement considering i 've been pulling crab traps and making the cakes myself since i was about seven - but something about these little devils gets better every time .	cakes
2	2	the decor was beautiful and unique .	decor
0	0	my only negative comment is that i wish the pieces were a little bigger .	pieces
2	2	the service is fantastic at this fun place .	service
1	2	i got the shellfish and shrimp appetizer and it was alright .	shellfish and shrimp appetizer
2	2	can get busy on fridays for a table but once seated , the service is so efficient you can be in and out of there quickly .	service
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	sushi
2	2	my favortie pizza joint in seattle	pizza joint
2	2	my friend enjoyed the grilled alaskan king salmon with delectable creamed washington russet potatoes and crisp green beans .	green beans
2	2	the bus boy even spotted that my table was shaking a stabilized it for me .	bus boy
0	2	maybe it is good for that one night once in a blue moon when the chefs decide to use fish that 's half-way decent .	fish
1	2	the crowd is mixed yuppies , young and old .	crowd
2	2	seattle 's best winelist 	winelist
2	2	melt in your mouth nigiri and sashmi , and very tasty rolls too .	nigiri
2	2	the naan was some of the best i 've had and i really enjoyed the bhartha , not too tomatoey .	bhartha
2	2	it 's a great place to enjoy food and meet friends .	place
0	2	in the end our check came to $ 27 for 4 small pancakes , a breakfast burrito , an orange juice and an iced tea ( i had water ) .	orange juice
2	2	it was romantic - and even nice even with my sister , reminded me of italy , and had artwork and music that kept up the feeling of being in a mediterrean villa .	music
2	2	the best chuwam mushi i have ever had .	chuwam mushi
2	2	– i will never forget the amazing meal , service , and ambiance i experience at this restaurant .	meal
2	2	– great drinks , corn beef hash , coffee , b fast burritos , gluten free menu .	coffee
2	2	– this place is famous for their breakfast .	breakfast
2	2	 dinners have always been excellent , in terms of food quality .	dinners
2	2	the staff was very nice and courteous and obviously chinese .	staff
0	0	after sitting at the bar for over 20 minutes the bar keep had made only 2 drinks & kept telling us she 'd be right with us .	bar keep
0	0	in other words , if they are n't making $ $ off of you then you do n't rate high on their ' service scale ' .	service
2	2	the service was excellent , the coffee was good even by starbucks standards and the food was outstanding .	food
1	1	 service was decent .	service
2	2	not alot of smoking places left in new york , but i have found my favorite smoking balconey in the city .	balconey
0	0	i liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price .	food
1	2	it is n't the cheapest sushi but has been worth it every time .	sushi
2	2	– by far the best bar in the east village ...	bar
0	0	the waiter was a bit unfriendly and the feel of the restaurant was crowded .	waiter
2	2	– after 12 years in seattle ray 's rates as the place we always go back to .	ray 's
0	0	fancy pieces of exotic fish on a $ 100 dollar plate and not one was eatable .	exotic fish
0	0	to their credit they removed the dish from the check ; but no manager stopped by to ask what the problem was .	manager
0	2	nice ambience , but highly overrated place .	place
2	2	– eggs , pancakes , potatoes , fresh fruit and yogurt -- everything they serve is delicious .	fresh fruit
2	2	freshest sushi – i love this restaurant .	sushi
2	2	the pancakes were certainly inventive but $ 8.50 for 3 - 6 '' $t$ ( one of them was more like 5 '' ) in the pancake flight ( sample of 3 different $t$ ) is well over-priced .	pancakes
2	2	my party of two was feeling particularly ambitious , and we splurged on the shilshole sampler ... a beautiful assortment of enormous white gulf prawns , smoked albacore tuna , ray 's fantastic manila clams seasoned with dill , scallops in a tasty soy dressing , and a tiny pile of dungeness crab atop a sublime butter sauce .	soy dressing
2	2	i should have just asked for the check when i saw that ; but their menu was so unique that i continued .	menu
2	2	another plus is the open feel of the restaurant with glass walls on all sides .	glass walls
0	2	the pancakes should be larger ( at least 8 '' ) to justify the expense even with the unique offerings .	pancakes
2	2	it 's *very* reasonably priced , esp for the quality of the food .	food
2	2	great draft and bottle selection and the pizza rocks .	draft and bottle selection
0	2	poor customer service/poor pizza .	pizza
2	2	the atmosphere is aspiring , and the decor is festive and amazing .	atmosphere
0	0	i complained to the manager , but he was not even apologetic .	manager
2	2	bring your cell phone cause you may have to wait to get into the best sushi restaurant in the world : blue ribbon sushi .	blue ribbon sushi
2	2	imagine my happy surprise upon finding that the views are only the third-best thing about ray 's !	ray 's
2	2	– this is one of my top lunch spots , huge portions , fast service and amazing margaritas  !	service
2	2	great food , spectacular location , and friendly service keep us coming back year after year .	location
2	2	best restaurant in the world , great decor , great customer service , friendly manager	customer service
2	2	– eggs , pancakes , potatoes , fresh fruit and yogurt -- everything they serve is delicious .	pancakes
2	2	it 's the perfect spot for a romantic date for 2 or a secret rendezvous !	spot
2	0	the food is sinful .	food
2	2	freshest sushi – i love this restaurant .	restaurant
2	2	– the pepperoni 's cut real thick -- yum .	pepperoni 's
2	2	– mioposto has a very creative & delicious pizza menu .	pizza menu
2	2	great breakfast 	breakfast
2	2	the best place for a leisure sunday breakfast amidst yachts , then take a stroll through the nearby farmer 's market .	place
2	2	not only can the selection be innovative , but there 's a nice balance of traditional sushi as well .	selection
2	2	they pay such detail to everything from miso soup to complex rolls .	miso soup
2	2	it is n't the cheapest sushi but has been worth it every time .	sushi
2	2	the onion rings are great !	onion rings
2	2	it 's a great place to enjoy food and meet friends .	food
0	0	we had a very hard time getting the waitress ' attention and finally had to get up and go inside to speak to a manager .	waitress
2	2	the naan was some of the best i 've had and i really enjoyed the bhartha , not too tomatoey .	naan
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	salmon
1	1	the portions are big though , so do not order too much .	portions
2	1	it 's located in a strip mall near the beverly center , not the greatest location , but the food keeps me coming back for more .	food
0	2	i swore never to return for a warm beer and mediocre meal .	meal
0	0	the caesar salad i ordered had so much lemon i could n't eat it .	caesar salad
1	1	not the biggest portions but adequate .	portions
2	2	great bottle of wine .	bottle of wine
2	2	and the service was simply spendid - quite a delight .	service
2	2	if there is a line very day of the week for the entire time a place is open , you know it is great .	place
2	2	i had the kafta plate and it was perfect .	kafta plate
0	0	they serve it in a tall , skinny hour-glass shaped glass to disguise the fact that you a getting a small juice at the price of a half gallon in a supermarket .	juice
2	2	 brunch at murphy 's is to die for , my specialty ... egg white omelet , the food is always freshly prepared .	brunch
0	0	i waited for 10-15 minutes for service ordered a beer & was never served again .	service
2	2	so about the prawns , they were fresh and had a slight crispiness about the batter ... soooo good ... the walnuts were cut in smaller pieces and very crunchy and tasty .	prawns
2	2	the cooks have been at the restaurant for years and cook family recipes .	cooks
2	2	mama mia – i live in the neighborhood and feel lucky to live by such a great pizza place .	pizza place
2	2	if it 's nice outside , request for a table in the balcony .	balcony
2	2	amazing spanish mackeral special appetizer and perfect box sushi ( that eel with avodcao -- um um um ) .	eel with avodcao
2	2	great food with an awesome atmosphere !	atmosphere
2	2	best indian food in l.a .	indian food
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	fluke
0	0	on my meal i had to send back my eggs for a simple request of breaking the yokes before cooking , and would have had to send them back again if i had n't rejected the meal all together .	eggs
2	2	also love their caeser salad .	caeser salad
2	2	my friend enjoyed the grilled alaskan king salmon with delectable creamed washington russet potatoes and crisp green beans .	creamed washington russet potatoes
0	0	our drinks kept coming but our server came by a couple times .	server
2	2	i was frankly shocked when i read the bad reviews - this place is fantastic ; it has not let us down in any way , and we 've eaten here more than 10 times .	place
2	2	even the chickpeas , which i normally find too dry , were good .	chickpeas
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	roe
2	2	the desert was the perfect ending to an almost perfect dinner .	desert
2	2	and the upstairs is a great place to hang out .	upstairs
0	2	good sushi , high price	sushi
2	2	nothing on the menu is less than amazing .	menu
2	2	love the enchiladas and chicken soup - and be sure to check out their specials .	specials
2	2	i also really enjoy the simplicity of the decor and intimate feeling of a small restaurant .	feeling
2	2	great selection of sakes .	selection of sakes
0	2	though , one thing i realized later on was that the restaurant either used msg or a meat tenderizer on the steak .	steak
2	2	melt in your mouth nigiri and sashmi , and very tasty rolls too .	sashmi
0	0	however , the value and service are both severely lacking .	service
2	2	the presentation of the food was an added bonus , it looked just as great as it tasted !	food
1	0	at best , the food was good and definately overpriced .	food
0	0	the lemon chicken tasted like sticky sweet donuts and the honey walnut prawns , the few they actually give you ... were not good .	honey walnut prawns
2	2	my best friend had the chicken shawarma and she still raves about it being the best anywhere !	chicken shawarma
2	2	– i do n't understand how i was a stranger to this place for so long ... the fajita salad , the colorado , the fajitas - everything is delicious .	fajita salad
2	2	for desert we had the mango ginger creme brulee ... oh la la yummy   !	mango ginger creme brulee
0	0	very poor customer service .	customer service
2	2	i appreciate their delivery too .	delivery
0	2	chintzy portions 	portions
2	2	a cozy spot for 2	spot
2	2	finally a meal that you will remember for a long time !	meal
2	2	 atmosphere was nice .	atmosphere
2	0	 drinks are suberb , and i feel like i am in a third world country when i walk in the door .	drinks
2	2	the music is great , no night better or worse , the bar tenders are generous with the pouring , and the lighthearted atmosphere will lifts you spirits .	atmosphere
2	2	great food , better margaritas !	food
2	2	the ambiance was a peaceful and relaxing break amongst all the kids running around in downtown disney .	ambiance
0	0	fancy pieces of exotic fish on a $ 100 dollar plate and not one was eatable .	plate
2	2	i would normally not finish the brocolli when i order these kinds of food but for the first time , every piece was as eventful as the first one ... the scallops and prawns was so fresh and nicely cooked .	prawns
1	2	mediocre food 	food
2	2	my party of two was feeling particularly ambitious , and we splurged on the shilshole sampler ... a beautiful assortment of enormous white gulf prawns , smoked albacore tuna , ray 's fantastic manila clams seasoned with dill , scallops in a tasty soy dressing , and a tiny pile of dungeness crab atop a sublime butter sauce .	shilshole sampler
2	2	the restaurant offers an extensive wine list and an ambiance you wo n't forget !	ambiance
2	2	everything , and i mean everything on the menu is delectable .	menu
2	2	the food was great , the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me .	margaritas
2	2	every time `` 0-sixtynine '' is called the bartender buys everyone drinks !	bartender
2	2	the atmosphere is aspiring , and the decor is festive and amazing .	decor
2	2	i had a taste of all three items on her plate , and they were superb .	plate
2	2	good eats .	eats
2	2	the music is great , no night better or worse , the bar tenders are generous with the pouring , and the lighthearted atmosphere will lifts you spirits .	bar tenders
2	2	– great drinks , corn beef hash , coffee , b fast burritos , gluten free menu .	menu
2	2	it 's *very* reasonably priced , esp for the quality of the food .	food
2	2	i highly recommend this place to all that want to try indain food for the first time .	indain food
2	2	this is the place to relax and enjoy the finest quality food the industry can offer .	food
2	2	– great financial district mexican spot .	mexican spot
2	2	 caesar salad was superb .	caesar salad
0	0	– the food was not great & the waiters were rude .	food
2	2	if you 're interested in good tasting ( without the fish taste or smell ) , large portions and creative sushi dishes this is your place ...	sushi dishes
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	toro
0	0	– schooner or later 's charming location along the marina in long beach and average food does not , unfortunately , compensate for its very poor customer service .	customer service
2	2	to start things off , our lovely server brooke was quickly on hand to take my drink order .	brooke
0	2	– the sushi here is perfectly good , but for $ 5 a piece , either the slices of fish should be larger , or there should be no pretense that this is a moderately priced restaurant ( even for nyc ) .	sushi
2	2	groovy music made the dinner casual .	music
2	2	great seasonal fish and seafood , with a classy waterfront setting .	seafood
2	2	– great drinks , corn beef hash , coffee , b fast burritos , gluten free menu .	corn beef hash
2	2	i love this restaurant 	restaurant
0	0	i 'm astonished that this restaurant is categorized as $ $ $ rather than $ $ $ $ .	restaurant
2	2	there was a really nice vibe about the place ... good music , atmosphere and happy looking people .	people
0	2	it 's a great little place with tons of potential to be a neighborhood joint if the service were n't so impersonal and corporate-like .	service
2	2	try the chef 's choice for sushi as the smoked yellowtail was incredible and the rolls were also tasty .	smoked yellowtail
2	2	server made several sake suggestions which were very good .	sake
2	2	most importantly , we were so excited about the food after seeing the very creative menu .	menu
0	2	i do n't know why anyone would want to write a great review about this place .	place
2	2	the presentation of snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there ; but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced ihop with a high brow menu .	snooze
2	2	– ... and the best summertime deck experience -- they will even bring you a blanket if you get cold in the seattle evening weather .	deck
0	0	the food is not what it once was ( potions have seriously seen downsizing ) prices have gone up , and the service is the worst i have experienced anywhere ( including mainland europe ) .	food
2	2	the 9 oz steak came next and it tasted great , at least initially .	9 oz steak
0	0	 rice is too dry , tuna was n't so fresh either .	rice
0	0	– the food is here is incredible , though the quality is inconsistent during lunch .	lunch
2	2	i am so happy to have a wonderful italian restaurant in my neighborhood .	italian restaurant
2	2	go to open sesame !	open sesame
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jelly$t$ , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk $t$ , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk $t$ , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	fish
2	2	melt in your mouth nigiri and sashmi , and very tasty rolls too .	rolls
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	oysters
2	2	definitely has one of the best jukebox 's i 've seen in a long long time .	jukebox 's
2	2	the pizza is delicious and the salads are fantastic .	salads
2	1	the pizza itself is not exactly the best i 've had ever , but still pretty good .	pizza
2	2	– i 've been to open sesame only once , but i 'm still reeling from the experience  !	open sesame
2	0	unless you are just stopping in for a few drinks i would n't recommend going here .	drinks
2	2	the staff are friendly and the decor was ethic and colorful .	staff
2	2	the fish was fresh , though it was cut very thin .	fish
2	2	 food was good and cheap .	food
2	2	when i got there i sat up stairs where the atmosphere was cozy & the service was horrible !	atmosphere
2	2	save room for scrumptious desserts .	desserts
2	2	late night dinning with exeptional food .	food
2	2	you won ’ t be disappointed by their menu .	menu
2	2	the lunch menu is an awesome deal !	lunch menu
0	0	not the place it once was	place
2	2	the chips and salsa are so yummy , and the prices are fabulous .	chips and salsa
2	2	endless fun , awesome music , great staff   !	music
2	2	the food was very good , filet mignon was probably the best i 've ever try .	filet mignon
2	2	– in a age of incremental cost cutting in restaurants , its nice to see a place that bucks that trend , and just plain delivers high quality food and good service , period .	food
2	2	this place rocks  !	place
2	2	i have eaten here three times and have found the quality and variety of the fish to be excellent .	fish
0	0	the only drawback is that this place is really expensive and the portions are on the small side .	place
0	0	i have been here , spent tons of money on a chef special dinner and it was a major dissappointment .	chef special dinner
0	0	finally , my wife stood face to face in front of one of the staff and she asked , `` are you waiting for a table  ''	staff
2	2	we are for sure coming back to this restaurant .	restaurant
2	2	 green tea creme brulee is a must !	green tea creme brulee
2	2	the owners are great fun and the beer selection is worth staying for .	beer selection
0	0	– the sushi here is perfectly good , but for $ 5 a piece , either the slices of fish should be larger , or there should be no pretense that this is a moderately priced restaurant ( even for nyc ) .	restaurant
2	2	so about the prawns , they were fresh and had a slight crispiness about the batter ... soooo good ... the walnuts were cut in smaller pieces and very crunchy and tasty .	batter
2	2	i 've had the jellyfish , horse mackerel , blue fin tuna and the sake ikura roll among others , and they were all good .	sake ikura roll
2	2	great service 	service
0	0	while this diner had reasonably good food , the restaurant staff seemed completely indifferent to our presence , and this attitude was reflected in the lack of service .	restaurant staff
2	2	while i could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us , our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one .	server
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	eel
2	2	the food was very good , filet mignon was probably the best i 've ever try .	food
2	2	i also really enjoy the simplicity of the decor and intimate feeling of a small restaurant .	decor
2	2	when i walked in , i was taken aback by their incredible wood decor .	wood decor
0	0	the lemon chicken tasted like sticky sweet donuts and the honey walnut prawns , the few they actually give you ... were not good .	honey walnut prawns
2	2	i 've been to this restaurant over a dozen times with no complaints to date .	restaurant
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin $t$ , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	tuna
2	2	the side of potatoes is to die for , as is the labne ( yogurt dip ) .	side of potatoes
2	2	open & cool place with the best pizza and coffee	pizza
2	2	– mercedes restaurant is so tasty , the service is undeniably awesome !	service
2	2	the service was exceptional - sometime there was a feeling that we were served by the army of friendly waiters .	service
2	2	the wine list is incredible and extensive and diverse , the food is all incredible and the staff was all very nice , good at their jobs and cultured .	staff
2	2	another plus is the open feel of the restaurant with glass walls on all sides .	feel
2	2	oh yeah ... the view was good , too .	view
1	2	the decor is rustic , traditional japanese .	decor
0	0	i should have thought to bring it up but never expected the food to be that mild .	food
2	2	i 've always found the wait staff and , if you sit at the bar , the cooks very friendly .	cooks
2	2	go with some friends , wait the half hour or so with a cup of joe , and enjoy more than your average breakfast .	breakfast
1	1	the atmosphere was just okay .	atmosphere
2	2	the sushi is as fresh as it comes  you 'd think ocean was in their backyard , no joke !	sushi
2	2	we ordered a selection of the small plates , and the shoe string onions , goat cheese pizza , grilled asparagus and fried brie with fruit were all very good .	shoe string onions
2	2	for the finicky sushi eater and those who have sampled the best nyc has to offer , the fish is the freshest and the service is superb .	service
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	sardine
2	2	the best dish are the honwy walnut prawns - just outstanding .	honwy walnut prawns
2	2	oh , and the cheese fries are awesome !	cheese fries
0	0	the food is not what it once was ( potions have seriously seen downsizing ) prices have gone up , and the service is the worst i have experienced anywhere ( including mainland europe ) .	potions
2	2	– i loved the pumpkin ravioli and the goat cheese gnocchi ( 5 big ones to a plate instead of 20 or so little gnocchis ) and my sister loved her filet mignon on top of spinach and mashed potatoes .	goat cheese gnocchi
0	0	i have been to this place , folks and it is bad .	place
2	2	– the sushi here is perfectly good , but for $ 5 a piece , either the slices of fish should be larger , or there should be no pretense that this is a moderately priced restaurant ( even for nyc ) .	sushi
2	2	 blue ribbon lives up to it 's fantastic reputation .	blue ribbon
1	0	the only problem would be the wait , but we usually just have a drink in the front while $t$ing .	wait
2	2	big thick pepperoni 	pepperoni
2	0	i ca n't saybenough good things about this restaurant , and i ca n't wait for my next several visits .	restaurant
2	2	– i will never forget the amazing meal , service , and ambiance i experience at this restaurant .	service
0	0	 service was kind of slow , our waitress took forever to give us our check even though it was n't that busy .	service
2	2	the best calamari in seattle !	calamari
0	0	the only drawback is that this place is really expensive and the portions are on the small side .	portions
2	2	i can highly recommend their various saag and paneer and korma .	saag
1	1	it was n't the freshest seafood ever , but the taste and presentation was ok .	seafood
2	2	– i loved the pumpkin ravioli and the goat cheese gnocchi ( 5 big ones to a plate instead of 20 or so little gnocchis ) and my sister loved her filet mignon on top of spinach and mashed potatoes .	pumpkin ravioli
2	2	the food is fantastic , authentic , delicious and very , very affordable .	food
2	2	– i have been eating at this place for over 8 years now and i have never had one bad meal .	meal
2	2	the chana masala ( garbanzo beans ) are also excellent .	chana masala ( garbanzo beans )
2	2	– i really enjoyed my meal here .	meal
2	2	excellent food , nice ambience , fairly expensive	ambience
2	2	– my husband and i love eating at mioposto café .	mioposto café
2	2	best restaurant in the world , great decor , great customer service , friendly manager 	manager
0	0	also , there was only one bathroom stall - probably need more for such big crowds .	bathroom stall
2	2	check out the art on the walls , very colorful !	art on the walls
2	2	however , this place is a gem , and i wo n't stop going back .	place
1	0	the pizza ’ s are not huge and the crust is thin…keep that in mind when you ’ re ordering .	crust
2	2	great beer 	beer
2	2	to the owners of open sesame ... bravo ... i ca n't wait to come back to dine at your restaurant !	open sesame
2	2	 dungeness crabs here !	dungeness crabs
2	2	best food , phenominal service 	service
2	2	my service was stellar !	service
2	2	the band was very good and the service was attentive .	band
2	2	for my entr & eacute ; e , i completely enjoyed the seared alaskan sea scallops complemented by chard , artichoke hearts , fennel , and pecorino toscano .	seared alaskan sea scallops
0	2	– the sushi here is perfectly good , but for $ 5 a piece , either the slices of fish should be larger , or there should be no pretense that this is a moderately priced restaurant ( even for nyc ) .	sushi
2	2	we ordered a selection of the small plates , and the shoe string onions , goat cheese pizza , grilled asparagus and fried brie with fruit were all very good .	goat cheese pizza
2	2	the music is great , no night better or worse , the bar tenders are generous with the pouring , and the lighthearted atmosphere will lifts you spirits .	music
2	2	great pizza , poor service	pizza
0	0	what may be interesting to most is the worst sevice/attitude comes from the owners of this establishment .	owners
0	0	my g/f and i both agreed the food was very mediocre especially considering the price .	food
2	2	great open and friendly ambience .	ambience
1	2	fair menu selection .	menu selection
2	2	their crab eggs benedict is addicting .	crab eggs benedict
2	2	also have great margaritas !	margaritas
2	2	– i recently had the pleasure of dining as this delightful restaurant on 2nd street and wow what a great evening we had .	restaurant
2	2	the desert was the perfect ending to an almost perfect dinner .	dinner
2	2	great value sushi with high quality & nice setting .	sushi
0	0	service was kind of slow , our waitress took forever to give us our check even though it was n't that busy .	waitress
2	2	great meal – the fish on the omikase platter was absolutely decadent -- there was none of the stringiness that sometimes accompanies fair sushi -- this fish was perfect    !	meal
2	2	if you can , come to this place by boat and make it a whole evening .	place
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	scallop
2	2	the waiters are very experienced and helpful with pairing your drink choice to your food tastes or vice versa .	waiters
2	2	 seabass on lobster risotto was the best .	seabass on lobster risotto
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	blue fin tuna
0	0	to start off , approximately 8-10 oz of orange juice will cost you $ 3 .	orange juice
0	0	avoid the place 	place
0	2	to be honest , i 've had better frozen pizza .	pizza
1	1	food wise , its ok but a bit pricey for what you get considering the restaurant is n't a fancy place .	restaurant
2	2	the sushi here is delicious !	sushi
2	2	our server was very professional and friendly .	server
2	2	the food was great !	food
2	2	best restaurant in the world , great decor , great customer service , friendly manager	decor
2	2	good sake , good food – i honestly do n't know much about japanese $t$ at all .	food
2	2	i liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price .	atmosphere
0	0	 space was limited , but the food made up for it .	space
0	0	everyone that sat in the back outside agreed that it was the worst service we had ever received .	service
2	2	but the servers were extremely attentive and very friendly .	servers
2	2	for the finicky sushi eater and those who have sampled the best nyc has to offer , the fish is the freshest and the service is superb .	fish
2	2	sunday afternoons there is a band playing and it is lots of fun .	band
2	2	the scallops are apparently cooked in a black olive butter which really makes them unique ( not to mention tasty ) .	scallops
2	2	the nicest waiters in town .	waiters
2	2	hands down , the best tuna i have ever had .	tuna
2	2	great breakfast 	breakfast
2	2	i have not a bad thing to say about this place .	place
2	2	had many dishes but the best was the lobster 3 ways .	lobster 3 ways
0	0	the manager continually interrupted with `` is there anything else i can do for you  `` , a strange comment because she had hardly listened , let alone responded to our expression of disappointment at our experience .	manager
2	2	the pizza ’ s are thin crust and the menu offers very creative combinations and toppings .	menu
2	2	the music playing was very hip , 20-30 something pop $t$ , but the subwoofer to the sound system was located under my seat , which became annoying midway through dinner .	music
2	2	the open sesame combo plate is a bargain for the heap of food given .	open sesame combo plate
2	2	 lebanese food yum !	lebanese food
2	2	– i do n't understand how i was a stranger to this place for so long ... the fajita salad , the colorado , the fajitas - everything is delicious .	fajitas
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	jellyfish
2	2	– i do n't understand how i was a stranger to this place for so long ... the fajita salad , the colorado , the fajitas - everything is delicious .	place
2	2	what else can you say nice people amazing food wow	people
0	0	– the food was not great & the waiters were rude .	waiters
2	2	great service .	service
2	2	– great drinks , corn beef hash , coffee , b fast burritos , gluten free menu .	b fast burritos
2	2	i 've always found the wait staff and , if you sit at the bar , the cooks very friendly .	wait staff
2	2	– i highly recommend mioposto .	mioposto
0	0	i have been here , spent tons of money on a chef special dinner and it was a major dissappointment .	chef special dinner
1	2	it  s served with either a peppercorn sauce or red wine reduction , though both were indistinguishable in taste .	peppercorn sauce
0	2	the presentation of snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there ; but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced ihop with a high brow menu .	menu
2	2	they have a wide variety of fish and they even list which oceans they come from ; atlantic or pacific .	fish
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	yellow tail
2	2	good sake selection .	sake selection
2	2	the owners are great fun and the beer selection is worth staying for .	owners
2	2	it gets really busy , so get there on the early side so you can grab a seat , if you do have to wait , its not bad because the service is quick !	service
2	2	i 've had the jellyfish , horse mackerel , blue fin tuna and the sake ikura roll among others , and they were all good .	jellyfish
2	2	good sushi , high price	sushi
2	2	they pay such detail to everything from miso soup to complex rolls .	rolls
0	2	the pancakes were certainly inventive but $ 8.50 for 3 - 6 '' $t$ ( one of them was more like 5 '' ) in the pancake flight ( sample of 3 different $t$ ) is well over-priced .	pancakes
0	0	the service ranges from mediocre to offensive .	service
2	2	many people talk about the great pizza and poor service , so it ca n't just be the rantings of a few dissatisfied customers .	pizza
2	2	furthermore , while the fish is unquestionably fresh , rolls tend to be inexplicably bland .	fish
2	2	enjoyed the food 	food
2	2	we shared the family platter and i especially enjoyed the black cod in sake kasu .	black cod in sake kasu
0	0	the food is not what it once was ( potions have seriously seen downsizing ) prices have gone up , and the service is the worst i have experienced anywhere ( including mainland europe ) .	service
2	0	i would go back for the wine experience alone .	wine
2	2	also , they serve the best hummus in america , with a drizzle of fragrant olive oil ( which , i believe is the traditional way ) !	hummus
2	2	nice food but no spice !	food
2	2	the appetizer was interesting , but the creme brulee was very savory and delicious .	appetizer
2	2	overall , i would go back and eat at the restaurant again .	restaurant
2	2	the appetizer of oysters , lobster , crab ( small size ) made a perfect entre for my wife .	appetizer of oysters , lobster , crab ( small size )
2	2	the service was excellent , the coffee was good even by starbucks standards and the food was outstanding .	coffee
2	2	caution - its real food for people who love the best .	food
1	0	the pizza ’ s are not huge and the crust is thin…keep that in mind when you ’ re ordering .	pizza ’ s
2	2	excellent food , nice ambience , fairly expensive	food
0	2	 management should really take notice and train their waitstaff and teach them some proper manners .	management
2	2	sit in the balcony 	balcony
2	2	– i loved the pumpkin ravioli and the goat cheese gnocchi ( 5 big ones to a plate instead of 20 or so little gnocchis ) and my sister loved her filet mignon on top of spinach and mashed potatoes .	filet mignon on top of spinach and mashed potatoes
2	2	the service was courteous and attentive .	service
2	2	great meal – the fish on the omikase platter was absolutely decadent -- there was none of the stringiness that sometimes accompanies fair sushi -- this fish was perfect    !	fish on the omikase platter
2	2	space was limited , but the food made up for it .	food
0	0	in the end our check came to $ 27 for 4 small pancakes , a breakfast burrito , an orange juice and an iced tea ( i had water ) .	pancakes
0	2	the only positive thing about mioposto is the nice location .	mioposto
0	2	management should really take notice and train their waitstaff and teach them some proper manners .	waitstaff
2	2	i have eaten here three times and have found the quality and variety of the fish to be excellent .	fish
2	2	great value sushi with high quality & nice setting .	setting
2	2	my party of two was feeling particularly ambitious , and we splurged on the shilshole sampler ... a beautiful assortment of enormous white gulf prawns , smoked albacore tuna , ray 's fantastic manila clams seasoned with dill , scallops in a tasty soy dressing , and a tiny pile of dungeness crab atop a sublime butter sauce .	shilshole sampler
0	0	this establishment really made a marked decline after ( and this is recurring story ) the airing of food televisions `` diners , drive-ins , and dives '' hosted by guy fieri , in which schooner or later was subject of .	establishment
2	2	there was a really nice vibe about the place ... good music , atmosphere and happy looking people .	music
2	2	my party of two was feeling particularly ambitious , and we splurged on the shilshole sampler ... a beautiful assortment of enormous white gulf prawns , smoked albacore tuna , ray 's fantastic manila clams seasoned with dill , scallops in a tasty soy dressing , and a tiny pile of dungeness crab atop a sublime butter sauce .	white gulf prawns
2	2	try the pizza ensalata !	pizza ensalata
2	2	i can highly recommend their various saag and paneer and korma .	paneer
2	2	fresh ingrediants and super tasty .	ingrediants
0	0	furthermore , while the fish is unquestionably fresh , rolls tend to be inexplicably bland .	rolls
2	2	never too crowded and always great service .	service
2	2	the sushi was excellent and the wait staff was quick .	sushi
2	2	the scallops are apparently cooked in a black olive butter which really makes them unique ( not to mention tasty ) .	scallops
0	0	the bathroom itself is very small with two toilets and only one sink , the girl was staying totally on the way hanging out paper towels from the dispenser .	bathroom
2	2	the pizza ’ s are thin crust and the menu offers very creative combinations and toppings .	pizza ’ s
0	0	the only drawback is the crowded seating and the slow service .	seating
2	2	it 's a great place to people watch .	place
2	2	– eggs , pancakes , potatoes , fresh fruit and yogurt -- everything they serve is delicious .	potatoes
2	2	it was romantic - and even nice even with my sister , reminded me of italy , and had artwork and music that kept up the feeling of being in a mediterrean villa .	artwork
2	2	their apps are all delicious .	apps
2	2	the catering is out of this world , and raouls chicken vegetable soup rocks my world   !	raouls chicken vegetable soup
2	2	– i ca n't say enough about this place .	place
2	2	all considered , i have to say that ray 's boathouse is deserving of its title as a seattle institution .	ray 's boathouse
0	0	the food was ok , but the service was so poor that the food was cold buy the time everyone in my party was served .	service
2	2	the restaurant offers an extensive wine list and an ambiance you wo n't forget !	wine list
2	2	great food with an awesome atmosphere !	food
1	0	terrible service , food ok , pricey	food
2	2	great seasonal fish and seafood , with a classy waterfront setting .	seasonal fish
0	0	in the end our check came to $ 27 for 4 small pancakes , a breakfast burrito , an orange juice and an iced tea ( i had water ) .	iced tea
2	2	it has great sushi and even better service .	service
0	0	i rejected it because in the process of attempting to fix the eggs they broke something else in the dish and i was too frustrated to continue .	dish
0	0	after one member of our party had been bumped repeatedly by a waitress , a polite request that he not be bumped sent the $t$ into an abusive rant .	waitress
2	2	 food was good and cheap .	food
2	2	everything i 've had here is good , taco salads , burritos , enchiladas i love this place .	burritos
2	2	i love dungeness crabs and at ray 's you can get them served in about 6 different ways !	dungeness crabs
0	0	on a recent trip , our waiter was extremely dismissive , while no less than three staff members waited hand-and-foot on a pair of japanese girls seated nearby .	staff members
0	0	i swore never to return for a warm beer and mediocre meal .	beer
2	2	i love the warm & cosy environment .	environment
2	2	– great drinks , corn beef hash , coffee , b fast burritos , gluten free menu .	drinks
2	2	– the atmosphere is great for any special occasion you might want to celebrate .	atmosphere
0	0	prefer to order it and pick it up though because i do n't like the servers , one young woman in particular .	servers
0	0	– this place is unbelievably over-rated .	place
0	0	my g/f and i both agreed the food was very mediocre especially considering the price .	food
2	2	but the space is small and lovely , and the service is helpful .	space
0	0	prefer to order it and pick it up though because i do n't like the servers , one young woman in particular .	young woman
2	2	good food , great service , average prices ( for the strip )	food
2	2	try the chef 's choice for sushi as the smoked yellowtail was incredible and the rolls were also tasty .	chef 's choice for sushi
2	2	i ended the meal with the unusual dessert of a port and chocolate tasting ... yummy !	dessert of a port and chocolate tasting
2	2	the service was exceptional - sometime there was a feeling that we were served by the army of friendly waiters .	waiters
2	2	this place is charming and relaxing .	place
2	2	the pizza ’ s are light and scrumptious .	pizza ’ s
2	2	holy hummus !	hummus
2	2	all their menu items are a hit , and they serve mimosas .	menu items
2	2	best neighborhood standby .	standby
2	2	amazing spanish mackeral special appetizer and perfect box sushi ( that eel with avodcao -- um um um ) .	spanish mackeral special appetizer
1	2	if i want to stand in line on sunday for an hour to get average brunch food , then i would put murphy 's at the top of the list .	brunch food
2	2	i had yummy lamb korma , saag paneer , samosas , naan , etc .	naan
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	lobster
0	0	well i guess it 's hard to be seated when one is invisible to the staff .	staff
0	0	the lemon chicken tasted like sticky sweet donuts and the honey walnut prawns , the few they actually give you ... were not good .	lemon chicken
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	sea bream
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	sea urchin
2	2	 server made several sake suggestions which were very good .	server
0	0	i liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price .	food
2	2	the ambiance of the restaurant was nice and good for fine dinning .	ambiance
0	0	the only drawback is the crowded seating and the slow service .	service
2	2	the pizza is delicious and the salads are fantastic .	pizza
0	0	– as with most restaurants in seattle , mioposto 's service was bad and the food was overpriced .	service
0	0	– my first time to dine at this restaurant was with my son and it was absolutely horrible !	restaurant
2	2	brunch at murphy 's is to die for , my specialty ... egg white omelet , the food is always freshly prepared .	egg white omelet
2	2	everything i 've had here is good , taco salads , burritos , enchiladas i love this place .	enchiladas
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	shrimp
2	2	try the chef 's choice for sushi as the smoked yellowtail was incredible and the rolls were also tasty .	rolls
0	2	great pizza , poor service 	service
0	0	on my meal i had to send back my eggs for a simple request of breaking the yokes before cooking , and would have had to send them back again if i had n't rejected the $t$ all together .	meal
2	2	the sashimi was the freshest and most tender i have ever tasted .	sashimi
2	2	good sake , good food – i honestly do n't know much about japanese food at all .	sake
2	2	i picked the asparagus , which turned out to be incredible and perfectly prepared .	asparagus
2	2	best chinese food i have tasted in a long time	chinese food
1	2	it  s served with either a peppercorn sauce or red wine reduction , though both were indistinguishable in taste .	red wine reduction
2	2	plus , i am allergic to rice , and the waitstaff was unbelievably accomodating -- did n't even bat an eye !	waitstaff
0	0	as usual the omikase did n't disappoint in freshness , although it scored low on creativity and selection .	omikase
2	2	 food was fine , with a some little-tastier-than-normal salsa .	food
0	2	i hope one day scooner or later returns to what it once was .	scooner or later
2	2	the staff are friendly and the decor was ethic and colorful .	decor
0	0	rice is too dry , tuna was n't so fresh either .	tuna
2	2	– this is one of my top lunch spots , huge portions , fast service and amazing margaritas !	margaritas
0	2	nice food but no spice !	food
2	2	good food !	food
2	2	i am never disappointed with there food .	food
1	1	 food wise , its ok but a bit pricey for what you get considering the restaurant is n't a fancy place .	food
2	2	the atmosphere was great .	atmosphere
2	2	the wine list is incredible and extensive and diverse , the food is all incredible and the staff was all very nice , good at their jobs and cultured .	wine list
0	2	the presentation of snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there ; but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced ihop with a high brow menu .	snooze
2	2	i had the kafta plate and i enjoyed it .	kafta plate
2	2	your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	crab
2	2	my party of two was feeling particularly ambitious , and we splurged on the shilshole sampler ... a beautiful assortment of enormous white gulf prawns , smoked albacore tuna , ray 's fantastic manila clams seasoned with dill , scallops in a tasty soy dressing , and a tiny pile of dungeness crab atop a sublime butter sauce .	manila clams
2	2	their specialty rolls are impressive , though i ca n't remember what we had .	specialty rolls
2	2	and the waiter suggested a perfect sake  !	waiter
1	0	it 's a tiny place so if you get there before 8pm on a weekend ( thurs  sun ) you will find it easier to get a table or a seat at the sushi bar .	place
2	2	this is a great place to get a delicious meal .	meal
2	2	there is only one place on the east coast that has it all , plus a lot more .	place
0	0	at best , the food was good and definately overpriced .	food
2	2	if you 're interested in good tasting ( without the fish taste or smell ) , large portions and creative sushi dishes this is your place ...	portions
2	2	the service is fantastic at this fun place .	place
2	2	– love their pizza , especially the mushroom $t$ .	pizza
0	0	a brief conversation with the manager at the end of the meal was the greatest disappointment -- to say we had been `` blown off '' would be an understatement .	manager
